1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation. 
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to create electronic documents (called pages) that are displayed on the World Wide Web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes provide addititonal info about the content of an element. 
    They appear on the opening tag of the element and are made up of two parts: a name and an value, seperated by an equal sign. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 is an HTML tag that indicates a heading, on a website, and I used to show the most important info on the page.
    THe h1 should only be use once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    id, href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The <head> tag contains metadata (document title, character set, styles, links, scripts),
    specific information about the web page that is not displayed to the user.
    7. What is an id? 
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document).
    The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, and by JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to manipulate the element with the specific id.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    header, nav, content, footer
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    ID can only be used once in any document. 
    10. What is a class? 
    The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    There is no limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Generally, you can hold down the control button – or the command key on a Mac computer – 
    to open a link in a new tab. You can also click on a link and hold down the mouse without
    releasing, dragging the link to the browser's tab bar to open it in a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    ALT tags are used to describe the image or what the image is representing. 
    One of the main purposes of ALT tags is for the benefit of visually impaired users who use screen readers when browsing.
    15. How do I reference an id?
     To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    In an HTML document. ... <section> gathers a specific and strong semantic purpose, where, div has only a generic,
    non-specific meaning and no semantic purpose.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design,
    layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Use class selector (.h2)
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    ID - For instance, a container for articles. 
    class -  For instance the articles and the article headings within a container.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    (.)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p>
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .links
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Look for the "Line-Height" attribute in the code.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    1- default letter-spacing: normal; The spacing between the characters is normal. ...
    2- letter-spacing: 2px; You can use pixel values. ...
    3- letter-spacing: 0.1em; You can use em values: this allows the spacing to remain relative to the font-size.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    .lowercase {text-transform: lowercase; }
    .uppercase {text-transform: uppercae; }
    .capitalize { text-transform: capitalize; }
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    1- Add a border to a <div> element: border = "thick solid #0000FF";
    2- Change the width, style and color of the border of a <div> element: border = "thin dotted red";
    3- Return the border property values of a <div> element: border);
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    command ? /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Cuz, you told me to.. Also it seems to be pretty user friendly and compatible with github.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    20min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    add/ commit/ push
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

